 
 The Akron Legal News 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 News 
 
 Business 
 Local 
 Sports 
 State 
 Technology Search Archvie 
 
   The Courts 
 
 General Division 
 Domestic Relations Division 
 Probate Division 
 Akron Municipal Court 
 Barberton Municipal Court 
 Stow Municipal Court 
 Court of Appeals 
 Bankruptcy Court 
 US District Court 
 
 
 Public Notices 
 Public Records 
 
 Real Estate Transfers 
 Building Permits 
 Births 
 Deaths 
 Marriage Licenses 
 New Incorporations 
 
 
 Real Estate 
 
 Residential 
 Commercial 
 
 
 Legal Forms 
 Advertising 
 
 Classified Advertising 
 Real Estate 
 Advertising Rates 
 
 
 Archive 
 
 Public Notices 
 Court Filings 
 Public Records 
 Editorials 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 Contact Us 
 Subscribe 
 Advertising Rates 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Login  | 			April 11, 2026 
 
 
 
   Akron Legal News 
	 
	 
 
 
 Local 
 Summit County Domestic Relations Court Hosts Art Exhibit   
 On March 20, the Summit County Domestic Relations Court welcomed local students, families, art teachers, judges and magistrates to attend a unique arts presentation. Local students submitted pieces of art for display at the courthouse. Administrative Judge Katarina Cook and Judge Kani H. Hightower hosted the event, which feature ...  (full story) 
 
 Summit County Probate Court receives $40,125 grant   AKRON, Ohio — The Summit County Probate Court is pleased to announce that it has been awarded a grant of $40,125 from the Ohio Department of Behavioral Health in support of its assisted outpatient treatment (AOT) program, New Day Court. New Day Court is Summit County Probate Court’s nationally recognized program, des ...  (full story) 
 
 Dizzying US fuel prices are determined by factors largely outside of a gas station's control    
 DES MOINES, Iowa (AP) — The near-daily changes in U.S. gas prices are dizzying for drivers, who are left feeling frustrated and cash-strapped by the highest fuel costs since 2022. With the Iran war pushing up prices worldwide, the U.S. average for a gallon of gas topped $4 on March 31, according to AAA. Prices can chan ...  (full story) 
 
 State 
 Warming winters lead to more nitrate pollution in the drinking water near farms    When pollution gets bad enough in the rivers supplying Iowa's largest city with drinking water, it costs Des Moines around $16,000 a day to run a special system to filter out dangerous nitrates. It’s a fact of life in the agriculture-dependent state — and climate change is making the water quality problem even worse. (full story) 
 
 Universities pressured to strip names of Epstein associates from campus buildings    COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) — In rain, snow and bitter cold, a steady drumbeat of small protests have been held in recent months on the Ohio State University main campus with a single goal in mind: removing billionaire retail mogul Les Wexner's name from buildings where it's emblazoned. At issue — for union nurses at OSU's W ...  (full story) 
 
 Technology 
 New funding option available to some U.S. law firms   Many U.S. law firms face obstacles securing traditional bank loans due to factors such as unpredictable cash flow -- especially in cases where the firm operates on a contingency fee model -- and inflexible collateral requirements.  But in late February, the legal artificial intelligence (AI) technology company Clio unveiled a br ...  (full story) 
 
 
   
 
 
 The Akron Legal News • 60 South Summit St. • Akron, Ohio 44308 • Phone: 330-376-0917 • Fax: 330-376-7001 
 
 
 
