 ﻿ 
 The Akron Legal News 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 News 
 
 Business 
 Local 
 Sports 
 State 
 Technology Search Archvie 
 
   The Courts 
 
 General Division 
 Domestic Relations Division 
 Probate Division 
 Akron Municipal Court 
 Barberton Municipal Court 
 Stow Municipal Court 
 Court of Appeals 
 Bankruptcy Court 
 US District Court 
 
 
 Public Notices 
 Public Records 
 
 Real Estate Transfers 
 Building Permits 
 Births 
 Deaths 
 Marriage Licenses 
 New Incorporations 
 
 
 Real Estate 
 
 Residential 
 Commercial 
 
 
 Legal Forms 
 Advertising 
 
 Classified Advertising 
 Real Estate 
 Advertising Rates 
 
 
 Archive 
 
 Public Notices 
 Court Filings 
 Public Records 
 Editorials 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 Contact Us 
 Subscribe 
 Advertising Rates 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Login  | 			April 12, 2026 
 
 
 
   The Akron Legal News 
 
 The Akron Legal News is a daily publication devoted to legal, financial, real estate and general news. Designated by the Federal, County and Municipal Courts as the Official Law Journal of Summit County, Ohio. 
 • View Current Delinquent Tax Notices 
 • View Current Public Notices 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Today's News  ( See all ) 
 
 Summit County Domestic Relations Court Hosts Art Exhibit 
 
 On March 20, the Summit County Domestic Relations Court welcomed local students, families, art teachers, judges and magistrates to attend a unique arts presentation. Local students submitted pieces of art for display at the courthouse. Administrative Judge Katarina Cook and Judge Kani H. Hightower hosted the event, which feature ...  (full story) 
   Summit County Probate Court receives $40,125 grant 
 AKRON, Ohio — The Summit County Probate Court is pleased to announce that it has been awarded a grant of $40,125 from the Ohio Department of Behavioral Health in support of its assisted outpatient treatment (AOT) program, New Day Court. New Day Court is Summit County Probate Court’s nationally recognized program, des ...  (full story) 
 Today's Paper  
 
 [Loading...] 
 Click here to read the paper. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 The Akron Legal News • 60 South Summit St. • Akron, Ohio 44308 • Phone: 330-376-0917 • Fax: 330-376-7001 
 
 
 
